this is a web exclusive my first
impressions are I think he's got amazing
ability natural ability so hopefully we
get the opportunity to stay in as long
as possible so I can create some
beautiful moments with oli because he's
definitely capable of it right I love
technical visual so I kind of relate it
once you see yeah yeah then when I see
it kind of put since I've seen your foot
slide in there kind of gave me that yeah
me and Natalie are doing the walks as
our first start and I feel really good
about it it's a very regal dance it's
very elegant so I'm hopeful that me and
Natalie together walk dancing where you
get to see my strong side and my
sensitive side you've got depth to go up
and down oMG Natalie called me Shrek
she said I'm her Shrek well he's so big
he's like six foot six size 17 shoe I
mean he is very hard to maneuver and
Shrek just came to my dick and a great I
mean Shrek's graceful he's a prince he's
you know it can be charming you met in
Shrek me
pretty oddly with people don't smile
Shrek but she meant it because I'm so
clumsy she didn't mean it than the way I
looked she may be because I'm like you
know I'm kind of heavy for it and very
clumsy so I understand the phrase but I
think she could have used something of
your back about forgiving as though
we're quits now
Natalie we're quits okay no more that
Shrek talking okay
sliders wife this is nothing he was good
yes means good as our great man former
Prime Minister Winston Churchill said
keep calm and carry on and that's what
I'm gonna do with it
smile all the way through it and I feel
really confident that me and Natalie
together is gonna put in a great dog of
the weekend